hey everyone real quick before we start
the kill count I just want to thank
Legion M who not only helped produce
Mandy but they also do a lot of cool fan
stuff like selling memorabilia on their
website they were kind enough to send me
a brand new kick-ass murder axe after my
original one broke right after I
finished filming the Mandy kill count a
couple of weeks ago check them out in
the description below a head make sure
you stay till the end of this video so
you can see my heartbreak in real time
because the camera actually caught when
my axe fell and broke thanks again for
that replacement Legion ham because this
friggin sucks man all right on to the
Killa cow welcome to the kill cow where
we tally up the victims in all our
favorite horror movies I'm James a
Chinese and today we're looking at Mandy
released in 2018 Mandy was co-written
and directed by panels cosmatos who's
awesome name is just the first
indication of how metal this movie is
put quite simply this movie Fox
it's full of trippy visuals outstanding
colors incredible music and some
seriously kick-ass kills but don't get
the wrong idea here
while Mandy is much more accessible than
cosmatos his previous film beyond the
black rainbow which is quite the
experimental experience it's still
pretty different than your average
mainstream feature I'll squeeze it into
a narrative box for the purpose of this
kill count but it's really more of a
sensory experience that you should
probably check out for yourself starring
Nicolas Cage and his first appearance on
the kill count Mandy could superficially
be described as a revenge story since it
follows a man hunting down a new-age
call to his wrong Tim but as I've
indicated that description makes Mandy
sound much more straightforward than it
is mostly because it doesn't mention
anything about Tigers or S&M biker gangs
honestly the story is secondary here
panels cosmatos wanted to make a quote
collage of fears and inspirations that
included heavy metal and old horror
movie box art the result is one
phantasmagorical film that shows you
just how weird movies can be in between
all the weirdness know are plenty of
kills let's see how many and get to them
[Music]
the movie begins with a poem about rock
between that the barbed font of the
opening credits and the freaking King
Crimson song used as an opening theme
it's very obvious why Mandy has
sometimes been described as a rock opera
in film form its 1983 and read Miller is
a lumberjack in the Pacific Northwest
though the entire film was shot in
Belgium with this forest area played by
the hyphens region Reds a recovering
alcoholic who lives in a dope-ass wooden
cabin that production built from scratch
atop an unused Boy Scout pavilion he
lives there with his partner Mandy bloom
who's played by Andrea Riseborough and
who's a very talented artist look at
that word it's majestic as fuck Ren and
Mandy lead a peaceful life of isolation
on Crystal Lake yes it's named Crystal
Lake in the beautiful region of title
card earth the shadow mountains that's
not this movie's name what the fuck the
two of them seem like your average
totally in love couple that you could
very well find at a horror convention
though perhaps with a DAB more dad
humour knock knock
is that Erik Estrada have you tried an
orchestra for chips at night their
pillow talk includes discussions about
astronomy beneath trippy cycling lights
that's pretty cool it is pretty cool but
what the hell is casting all those
colors Oh probably that lysergic sky up
there ha far out man while walking to
work one day through the crimson forest
Mandy sees a man approaching with a
bunch of strung out figures inside
including two dudes who look like an
older and younger version of each other
the leader of this gang Jeremias and
sees Mandy outside his window and
becomes so instantly enamored with her
he can't help but play their encounter
over and over in his mind with multiple
dissolves hell he becomes focused on her
to the point of a freeze-frame try
pressing your tongue against the roof of
your mouth Jeremiah that should fix it
these van travelling cats are a new-age
cult known as the title card or sorry
the children of the new dog still not
the movie title the children do whatever
Papa Jeremiah tells them to do so that
they may quote-on-quote
descend with him he's got all the
Ascension
right now he's telling mother Marlene
there that he needs to have Mandy as you
make it without her she's reluctant to
fetch Mandy for Dear Leader even though
he pleads for her with all the drawn-out
theatrics of clay Davis saying she but
that's why he has other lickspittles
around like brother Swan who promises
Jeremiah that Mandy will be his
in the meantime Jeremiah asks Swan to
send in sister Lucy and it's not hard to
imagine why poor girl brother Swan
drives out to the lake with the rest of
these brainwashed bozos and blows a few
notes in to the horn of Abraxas
[Music]
they wait for the results in their van
passing the time by playing with power
windows the car accessory not the rush
album that was a bit too synthy this
movie's got more of a hemispheres thing
going on
before long they reap the benefit of
that Abraxas flowing in the form of some
ATVs and motorbikes rolling out there
driven by some seriously scary mutha
fuckas santa bite looking creatures who
make the GIMP from pulp fiction look
like mr. Rogers one of them caressed his
brother swans face and accepts his
payment to do some dirty work a jar full
of Zug goop young man these pastes eaten
settle bikers have one more rider for
their contract work though you talking
about a sacrifice you scary mofo oh hell
that's exactly why we keep this doe-eyed
feller around that night after watching
Troma's night beast on TV our cozy
couple gets to bat never anticipating
the strobe tastic Horrors awaiting them
that's right it's time to shield your
eyes my photosensitive friends cuz this
cults and their biker gang aren't
staying outside for long they show up
inside the cabin as the lights flicker
more than a TV screen and poltergeist
red and mandy are left staring
helplessly at one another as he gets
beaten and she gets back with her
kidnapping complete it's time to square
up that blood for blood deal by
sacrificing this brother Lewis guy to
the scary psycho bikers sorry dude
big better friends next time Mandy finds
herself in the Colts kitchen with sister
Lucy and mother Marlene who tells her
that red safety is dependent on her
obedience so we'll pray to help her obey
they live style Marlene doses her in the
eye with a hallucinogen and sticks her
in the neck with a pickled wasp stinger
what the fuck was that all about I like
to call
the cherry on top yeah well but cherry
done fucked up Mandy's eyesight by the
looks of it they dragged Mandy into a
tracer filled nightmare where visual
echoes of her movement helped put the
audience in her headspace she's taken to
Jeremiah who looks and sounds like he's
broadcasting straight from an opium den
you called out to me silently he demands
that Mandy look at him then plays her
some tunes that he thinks is even better
than the Carpenters this track is a
Jeremias and original a song he made a
while back when he was part of a folk
band what's your song about Jeremiah Oh
[Music]
about you fucking course Jeremiah got
his sandy ass kicked out of said band
which pissed him off vitaly's says he
felt like he was entitled to fame and
fortune but that's okay after his ouster
he started hearing from Christ himself
who promised Jeremiah a life much more
fulfilling than that of a successful
musician he said you are not separate
from all the biz so all that is is yours
yep now this egotist feels entitled to
every gosh darn thing in the world all
of it
mine great Jeremiah's played by Linus
Rose who called the roll one of the most
creative journeys he's ever had in his
career part of that journey was
memorizing and delivering this lengthy
monologue into the camera which is only
made weirder by the superimposition of
Mandy's face overheads Jeremiah tells
Mandy that since he's special and she's
special they should be special together
and thus he disrobes and hangs dong but
instead of feeling honored by his
proposition Mandy responds to both his
music and his member in the most
cutthroat way possible she laughs
and although he tries to counter her
humiliation with masturbation her laughs
just grow more and more intense and yeah
that upsets him to say the least
after consulting his mirror mirror on
the wall jeremiah decides to go
antagonize red who's been tied up this
whole time Jeremiah tells red that the
love he has with Mandy isn't in port
true love looks more like obedience
which is why he makes sister Lucy play a
game of Russian roulette right in front
of Red's face after that demonstration
of the power of love brother Swann
presents - with the tainted blade of the
pal knife straight from the abyssal Lair
a fancy-ass D&D inspired name for what
ends up being a simple shanking tool
stabby stabby red washes as the children
of the new dawn drag Mandi out of their
cabin in a sleeping bag they hang her up
douse her in gasoline and then those
motherfuckers like that poor innocent
woman on fire laughing all the while
it's a horrific death it's injustice
amplified by red silenced gut-wrenching
reaction and with its conclusion we're
ready to begin the movie's second much
more batshit crazy half although he's
bound by barbed wire red gets himself
free from his restraint so he can crawl
over to his lover's charred corpse that
uh wow that fucking sucks dude it's like
full-on t2 right there it's enough to
put him in a state of shock and his
fragile condition isn't helped at all
when he walks inside and sees a
commercial for the goddamn cheddar
Goblin on TV
[Music]
cheddar goblins fucking weird man
yeah red cheddar goblin it should come
as no surprise that the cheddar goblin
commercial which gives us a nice break
from the traumatizing tension that
receives it was made by the same dude
who created too many cokes Casper Kelly
the mande blu-ray includes an extended
look at the commercial which was made by
dumping 20 gallons of mac and cheese
mixed with pineapple Faygo and lemon
jello hunter a couple of unfortunate kid
actors for 6 hours straight the cheddar
Goblin puppet was made by Shane Morton
who also creed and smarts the cat in too
many cooks Morton wanted the mac and
cheese mascot to look like quote
Ghoulies meets Yoda meets Satan and do
you know what I think you should see
this read passes out and has an animated
nightmare of a dead man D which wakes
him up with a star you've had a real
rough night there red I'd say you've
earned some breakfast vodka be sure to
wash that down with some screaming bells
pata boy ed I think you're good for
seconds he heads to a trailer to meet
his old friend Carruthers who's played
by Bill dude last seen on the kill count
getting his head blown up by a predator
friends there for his old crossbow which
he calls the reaper and some bolts to go
with it specially made by Carruthers it
cooked to bone the effect kid to kake
rentals Carruthers his whole situation
burnt up girlfriend crazy called scary
bikers you know you know Carruthers is
familiar with the scene and says that
those gnarly biker creatures are known
as the black skull they're former drug
couriers who were transformed by
overpowered acid and who have lately
been traveling the interstate killing
truckers and sex workers
he gives red a fair assessment of his
chances in fighting them that you ain't
that good and he will probably die he'll
be negative to increase his probability
of you know not dying red forges himself
a murderer acts in a scene reminiscent
of the opening scene in Conan the
Barbarian a movie with a lot of
similarities to Mandy this glorious
gleaming battle-ax Flav is called the
beast Brock Lesnar style and is one of
the coolest weapons I've ever seen in a
horror movie in fact even though I don't
have anything else to say here I'm just
gonna vamp for a minute so I can show
you more footage of this forging it's
fucking awesome and when it's finally
done Reds ready to wreak some vengeance
for title card or Mandy oh wait yeah
that is the title card finally this
movie's trio of kick-ass title cards
were designed by the tema shinola who
also did the opening credits for glow
and Scott Pilgrim vs. the world as well
as other stuff like best music video for
ePro very cool bread drives out to find
the black skulls and when he spots them
Motocross him through the forest he
wastes no time in taking down scabs the
one with nails all over his damn body
with his first target felled red races
full speed at the bastard and hits scabs
with his car killing him but sending
Reds vehicle flipping and crashed
the ground nearby and by the way as far
as the names of the black skulls go I'm
doing my best with conflicting
information from the internet so go easy
on me all right after another dream of
Mandy this time with some cartoon
boobies red wakes up with one hand
cuffed to a pipe and the other just
nailed into the floor I guess a waxy
looking black skull named sis approaches
him and tries to play the therapist only
for red to break free from his
imprisonment and beat that black skull
into a pit Ren frees his other hand then
grabs a box cutter and some level 2
armor before heading upstairs to see
what he can find
he finds this two dead bodies of people
who I'm assuming lived here before the
black skull started squatting sorry
folks
he continues through this messy abode
until he finds another black skull named
buck pig doing clouds of cocaine while
some porn plays on the TV which is
probably fucked pig's average Tuesday
afternoon but pig's got an icy codpiece
confirming that the older couple in the
house were killed like the lost victim
in seven and he tries to use it against
red too although the black skull has the
obvious size advantage red wins in the
end by slitting his throat with the box
cutter yeah red I guess it's pretty
funny if that's your sense of humor this
returns from her pit dropping with a gun
but she misses her shot and also fails
to land a knife strike on red so red
wins this bout as well by doing the
twist
tell me black skulls you like it like
this red visits the Alps and retrieves
the Beast before heading into the messy
kitchen and finding a jar of that good
shit huh wonder what the proper dosage
would be for something like this
think of a fingertip would be good if
you just wanted to whoa goddamn looks
like a dollop is all you need if you
want to blast your brain off into space
holy shit remember how much that nail
head guy had back home we first met him
holds that guy's life even red leaves
and finds the fourth and final black
skull scrap standing by a burning car
using the Reaper he buries a crossbow
bolt pinned to scratch his neck but that
doesn't even faze it red has to confront
scratch up close instead and have a
fight by this
in car using his murder axe which may be
the coolest sentence I've ever said on
this show but not even that sentence can
compare with how cool this killing cuz
red manages to light this asshole on
fire and then as scratch taunts him
about Mandy's death he takes the Beast
and severs the still flaming head from
the black skulls body his simple flaming
decapitation wasn't already the most
metal thing you've seen today he then
uses the burning head to light his
cigarette fuck yeah dude
red Steel's an ATV it drives to a
building where a chemist is hard at work
making black paper full of acid the
chemist played by the night king himself
richard brake surrenders to red Miller
even though he has a tiger which is a
tiger busy oh he's such a good girl
go on a beat free Kitty vitalism
the strung-out chemist offer sympathy to
red and tells him the whereabouts of the
children of the new dog roar us on over
there Lizzy red drives his ATV through a
tunnel hitting some serious bullet time
while he does nice one guy and
eventually finds himself on a cliff
overlooking the rock quarry the children
of the new dawn now call home why they
building that temple from midsummer down
there using some spiky road jack switch
is what I'll call them red stops the
cult van as it drives down the road then
pulls brother Swann out to beat him
silly Swann tries to talk shit about
Mandy and quote Neil Young but red
interrupts him by shoving the glaive end
of the beast into swans mouth and
pressing down hard eat it bitch sister
Lucy is left terrified but perhaps
remembering the roulette game she was
forced to play earlier red leaves her
and presses onward the next called
member in his path his brother Hank er
the jackal lookin dude who's apparently
obsessed with his car he gets an axe to
the head out of nowhere that's about it
for him Fred then finds a chainsaw on
the ground a tool of his old trade you
know before he became a professional
drugged-up pulp killer he tries to rev
it up as he approaches brother klopek
but turns out red just brought a ruler
to a yardstick fight cuz brother klopek
is one wrong
man just when you thought this movie
couldn't get any more metal we get an
all out shades of mine which is
obviously the coolest of all the all out
fights blah blah blah
when disarms the other view who then
disarms him in turn but with that big
boy chainsaw still running on the ground
right there red tells klopek to try and
solve this chain he can't
and instead brother klopek is pulled to
the ground and killed by getting his
torso and face all mulch to hell you
know it's so good to see you smiling
again red red continues his path of
destruction straight on into the temple
but he ain't here to read he's here to
make others bleed down a ladder and
through some tunnels red eventually
comes across mother Marlene hanging out
in her own little corner of paradise
she's obviously scared of the
blood-soaked intruder but not too scared
to gloat are you trying to bribe red
with sex right now lady cuz that's gonna
be as effective as trying to bribe Jason
with a bunch of cash which is to say not
marry at all instead it's a great way to
get your head removed and tossed at your
egotistical cult leader he had dude kick
that thing away wouldn't want to get
severed head juice on your little Jesus
undies there at long last
red finally gets to confront Jeremias
and again
hi oh hi yourself motherfucker
Jeremiah tries to tell red that he can't
harm him because he's imbued with holy
power he is the man day/night Messiah
mofo but to nobody's surprise red Miller
doesn't subscribe to that mumbo-jumbo
and to prove the cult leader wrong red
grabs his head and kills him by
squeezing it with all his strength it's
the kill that res been gunning for this
whole damn time and it's gotta be a
bittersweet feeling for the guy to
finally achieve it with his murder work
done red sets fire to the building and
all the heads and bodies inside so yeah
I guess that thing really did end up
being like the midsummer temple ah by
time it collapses in on itself
Red's ready to hit the road but with his
mission accomplished this is the first
waking moment where he has the time to
really think about what he's lost he
drives off in his car
imagining Mandy in the passenger seat
next to him even though the movie ends
with a reminder that she's not really
there no matter how much hell he's gone
through to a venture how many people
wound up getting axed on NIC cages
bloody path of vengeance let's find out
and get to the numbers but first let's
have a little tea
it's a little salt 13 people died in
Mandy with the victims consisting of
nine men and four women although part of
me thinks those crazy-ass black skulls
should have had their own pie-chart
wedge too late for that though with a
runtime of 121 minutes that left us with
a kill on average every 9.31 minutes
I'll give the golden chainsaw for
coolest skill to scratch the last black
skull to die
the only thing cooler than a
decapitation is one where the person's
on fire and that cigarette lighting
seals the deal for me
Deauville Shetty for lamest kill we'll
go to brother Lewis who was pulled into
the shadows to be sacrificed off-screen
and that's it Mandy came out in 2018 and
received a four minute standing ovation
after its premiere at the Cannes Film
Festival until next time I'm James age
and ease this has been the kill ow
thanks a lot for watching this kill cop
yo I bought this thing from Legion M and
it's the coolest fucking thing I've
fucked someone up with it oh thanks
everyone be good people
[Music]